About Me And What I Know
-------------------------------------------------------
I Am 13 Years Old, Despite My Age I Know A Lot About Hacking, Pentesting, Electronics, Building, Soldering And Fixing Things, So Dont Be Shy To Contact Me About Any Questions Or Problems You May Have And I Will Try My Best To Answer Them For You. (Check Out My Repositorys Because Your Question May Have Already Been Answered There.) 

Getting Into The Pentesting/Hacking Hobby
--------------------------------------------------------
If You Are Looking To Get Into The Hobby Of Pentesting And Hacking, I Will Personaly Teach You About Everything There Is To Know About It For Free! Also If You Dont Know What A Flipper Zero Dose Or You Already Have One And Need A Guide On How To Get Started, Once Again I Will Personally Teach You About It, I Am A Professional When It Comes To That Stuff. 

My Childhood 
---------------------------------
Because Of My Uncle Pete I Have Been Learning About Electrical Stuff Since I Was 5 Years Old, When I Turned 9 Years Old I Started To Become Very Intrigued About How Hacking Works And From Then On I Started To Learn About It, I Remember When I Said To Myself That One Day I Would Be A Professional Hacker Geek, And... Well... Look At Me Now, I Know More About The iPhone Than A Damn Apple Employee!

My E-Bike Hobby
---------------------------------------
I Love My Electric Bike And The Company Lectric I Have The XP 3.0 And Its So Fun!

My Mental And School Problems And How I Can Help You (Lots Of Venting)
---------------------------------------------------------------
I Deal With A Lot Of Mental Problems (Depression And ADHD) And I Was Also Suicidal At One Point In My Life (Not Anymore), School For Me Is Extremly Tough I Deal With These Gang Banger Bullies Every Single Day, When I Try To Tell My Teachers About It And Even My Principle I Always Get The Following Responses And I Quote "I Didnt See Anything" "They Are Just Teasing" "They Are Joking Around" "Ignore It" "But Your Messing With Them Back" "They Arent Doing It Towards You" I Cant Even List All Of Them. They Straight Up Target Me, No Bullshit. They Somehow Always Find Something To Blame Me For. I Have Gotten Punched In The Face And Physically Hurt/Assaulted More Than 15 Times This Year, And Even Worse I Have Been Harrased More Than 200 Times By Those Gang Bangers This Year, Even Sexuly Harrased One Time They Showed Me Their... "Thing" Im Scarred For Life And Im Not Joking This Is Not Something To Laugh About. My Teachers Are Delusional And Gullible To The Bullies Obvious Lies And Always Blame Me For Even The Things That Other People Do!!, For Example A Gang Kid Cut My Charging Cable With A Knife, When I Tell MY Teacher About It They Say "You Shouldn't Have Brought It To School, Or "Its Nobodys Fault But Yours" For Example If Victor (A Gangbanger Bully In My Class) Throws A Pencil At My $1500 Laptop And I Go Over To Him And Tell Him To Stop The Teacher Sends Me To The Office, LIKE WHAT???!!!! And When I Call My Teachers Out For Doing These Things The Get Mad At Me, I Got A Pencil (Sharp Side) Thrown In My Eyeball And It Blinded Me And Made Me Bleed They Gave The Gang Kid One Day Suspention? Thats It?! bUT When I Call My Teacher Out For Being Delusional I Get 2 Days Suspention?! WTF! My Teachers Expect Me To Treat Them Like They Are My God While Im Being Treated Like A Slave Or A Peice Of Shit On The Ground. My Teachers Expect Me To Sit And Deal With The Gang Bangers Bullshit And Property Damage But Thats Not How Humans Work. This Is The Most Horrible School To Exist. I Dont Know Why But Im Always Treated Like A Minority At That School Everybody Else Has Priority And Im At The Bottom Of The List Permanently. Anyways I Love Giving Advice And Talking To People And If You Are Going Through Something Please Dont Hesitate To Get In Contact With Me Or Someone That You Trust, I Am Very Understanding And Still To This Day I Deal With Depression. If Your Contacting Me About Bullies
